1	Call me Ishmael.
2	A screaming comes across the sky.
3	Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
4	It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
5	It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.
6	I am an invisible man.
7	You don't know about me without you have read a book by the name of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer; but that ain't no matter.
8	Someone must have slandered Josef K., for one morning, without having done anything truly wrong, he was arrested.
9	The sun shone, having no alternative, on the nothing new.
10	This is the saddest story I have ever heard.
11	Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
12	Stately, plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead, bearing a bowl of lather on which a mirror and a razor lay crossed.
13	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents, except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the house-tops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
14	One summer afternoon Mrs. Oedipa Maas came home from a Tupperware party whose hostess had put perhaps too much kirsch in the fondue to find that she, Oedipa, had been named executor, or she supposed executrix, of the estate of one Pierce Inverarity, a California real estate mogul who had once lost two million dollars in his spare time but still had assets numerous and tangled enough to make the job of sorting it all out more than honorary.
15	It was a wrong number that started it, the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night, and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not.
16	Through the fence, between the curling flower spaces, I could see them hitting.
17	124 was spiteful.
18	Somewhere in la Mancha, in a place whose name I do not care to remember, a gentleman lived not long ago, one of those who has a lance and ancient shield on a shelf and keeps a skinny nag and a greyhound for racing.
19	Where now? Who now? When now?
20	In a sense, I am Jacob Horner.
21	It was like so, but wasn't.
22	--Money...?  in a voice that rustled.
23	Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
24	All this happened, more or less.
25	For a long time, I went to bed early.
26	The moment one learns English, complications set in.
27	Dr. Weiss, at forty, knew that her life had been ruined by literature.
28	Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
29	I had the story, bit by bit, from various people, and, as generally happens in such cases, each time it was a different story.
30	There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
31	He was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Gulf Stream and he had gone eighty-four days now without taking a fish.
32	A story has no beginning or end; arbitrarily one chooses that moment of experience from which to look back or from which to look ahead.
33	Having placed in my mouth sufficient bread for three minutes' chewing, I withdrew my powers of sensual perception and retired into the privacy of my mind, my eyes and face assuming a vacant and preoccupied expression.
34	I was born in the Year 1632, in the City of York, of a good Family, tho' not of that Country, my Father being a Foreigner of Bremen, who settled first at Hull; He got a good Estate by Merchandise, and leaving off his Trade, lived afterward at York, from whence he had married my Mother, whose Relations were named Robinson, a very good Family in that Country, and from whom I was called Robinson Kreutznaer; but by the usual Corruption of Words in England, we are now called, nay we call our selves, and write our Name Crusoe, and so my Companions always call'd me.
35	In the beginning, sometimes I left messages in the street.
36	Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
37	It was love at first sight.
38	I have never begun a novel with more misgiving.
39	Once upon a time, there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person.
40	The human race, to which so many of my readers belong, has been playing at children's games from the beginning, and will probably do it till the end, which is a nuisance for the few people who grow up.
41	In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.
42	If I am out of my mind, it's all right with me, thought Moses Herzog.
43	When Dick Gibson was a little boy he was not Dick Gibson.
44	In the late summer of that year we lived in a house in a village that looked across the river and the plain to the mountains.
45	"Take my camel, dear," said my Aunt Dot, as she climbed down from this animal on her return from High Mass.
46	He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward, and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull.
47	The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there.
48	Justice? --You get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law.
49	I write this sitting in the kitchen sink.
50	In the last years of the Seventeenth Century there was to be found among the fops and fools of the London coffee-houses one rangy, gangling flitch called Ebenezer Cooke, more ambitious than talented, and yet more talented than prudent, who, like his friends-in-folly, all of whom were supposed to be educating at Oxford or Cambridge, had found the sound of Mother English more fun to game with than her sense to labor over, and so rather than applying himself to the pains of scholarship, had learned the knack of versifying, and ground out quires of couplets after the fashion of the day, afroth with Joves and Jupiters, aclang with jarring rhymes, and string-taut with similes stretched to the snapping-point.
51	I, Tiberius Claudius Drusus Nero Germanicus This-that-and-the-other (for I shall not trouble you yet with all my titles) who was once, and not so long ago either, known to my friends and relatives and associates as "Claudius the Idiot," or "That Claudius," or "Claudius the Stammerer," or "Clau-Clau-Claudius" or at best as "Poor Uncle Claudius," am now about to write this strange history of my life; starting from my earliest childhood and continuing year by year until I reach the fateful point of change where, some eight years ago, at the age of fifty-one, I suddenly found myself caught in what I may call the "golden predicament" from which I have never since become disentangled.
52	The towers of Zenith aspired above the morning mist; austere towers of steel and cement and limestone, sturdy as cliffs and delicate as silver rods.
53	He was born with a gift of laughter and a sense that the world was mad.
54	Psychics can see the color of time it's blue.
55	In the town, there were two mutes and they were always together.
56	Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space.
57	High, high above the North Pole, on the first day of 1969, two professors of English Literature approached each other at a combined velocity of 1200 miles per hour.
58	The cold passed reluctantly from the earth, and the retiring fogs revealed an army stretched out on the hills, resting.
59	All children, except one, grow up.
60	Mr and Mrs Dursley of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.
61	It's a funny thing about mothers and fathers. Even when their own child is the most disgusting little blister you could ever imagine, they still think that he or she is wonderful.
62	Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the galaxy lies a small, unregarded yellow sun.
63	I am always drawn back to places where I have lived, the houses and their neighborhoods.
64	When I wake up, the other side of the bed is cold.
65	If you want to find Cherry-Tree Lane all you have to do is ask the Policeman at the cross-roads.
66	If you're going to read this, don't bother.
67	As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a gigantic insect.
68	The story so far: in the beginning, the universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
69	Once there were four children whose names were Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy.